sgpt: add page (#10095)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/sgpt.md

# sgpt

> > A command-line productivity tool powered by OpenAI's GPT models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Command-line productivity tool powered by OpenAI's GPT models.
```
I think this would be better.

> More information: <https://github.com/TheR1D/shell_gpt#readme>.

> - Use it as normal `Search Engine`, asking for mass of the sun:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use it as a search engine, asking for the mass of the sun:
```

> `sgpt "mass of the sun"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`sgpt "{{mass of the sun}}"`
```
`{{}}` is used to highlight placeholders in our clients.

> - Execute `Shell` commands, apply chmod 444 to all files in current directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Execute Shell commands, and apply `chmod 444` to all files in the current directory:
```

> `sgpt --shell "make all files in current directory read only"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`sgpt --shell "{{make all files in current directory read only}}"`
```

> - Generate `Code`, solving classic fizz buzz problem:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generate code, solving classic fizz buzz problem:
```

> `sgpt --code "Solve fizz buzz problem using Python"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`sgpt --code "{{Solve fizz buzz problem using Python}}"`
```

> `sgpt --code "{{Solve fizz buzz problem using Python}}"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`sgpt --code "{{solve fizz buzz problem using Python}}"`
```

> - Create a `Chat session` by giving a unique session name ssn:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Start a chat session with a unique session name:
```

> `sgpt --chat ssn "please remember my favorite number: 4"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`sgpt --chat {{session_name}} "{{please remember my favorite number: 4}}"`
```

- Start a `REPL` (Read–eval–print loop) session:

> `sgpt --repl TEXT`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`sgpt --repl {{command}}`
```

> - Print Shell-GPT help manual:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display help:
```
We use `Display help` as a generic placeholder for `--help` command in most of our pages.
